mmzx ΟΡ PROPER NAMES.

P.

P‘mffnmbuoe‘ a Roman praeno-

Pmathfinfiicus, i, 111. The narn(¹
ota speech ur lsovrates, delivered
at the Panathenaea, festivals in
honor or Athene or Mi11‹·rva.tne
{uanllau ξφα-185501 Athens. These

e

stimi-x were 01 two kinds, 1118,

amator aud the hesser. The former
took place onec in every four years,

in the third yearos each Olympiau, ’

the 1111181· were celebrated annn-
ally. The prize was a vase con-
18ιηί0 011 made rrum olives taken
fromt e ancient olive-trec sum-ed
to the goddess* 111 the Ac ropolis

Paulus, i, 111. 1. lucius Aemilius
Paulus: cons 5111 219 B.c.anda1s‹›
216 B.C. His msh (1011853118, C.
Terentius Varro. a‹1vis‹··l an en-
gagement with Hannnml, and the
Rauiiana were defeated at Cannae.
Paulus refused to ssee and scil
fighting against the enemy.

2. L. Aemilius Paulus, surnamed
Macedonicus, was born probably
230 B.C. He was consul sor the
first time in 181 B.C. and a second
time in l6S B.C. when he defeated
Perseus at Pydna. He celebrated
1115 triumph over Madedonia by a
splendid triumph in 167 Β. C.‚ the
joy-occasioned beingclonded by the
death of two savorite 50115 (see
Note 1, ξ 68). He was censor iu
164 Β. C. and died 111 loo Β. C-

Phlius, ae, 111. Petitas a King of
Thessaly hals brother of Aeson.
Medea. thedaughterorsaqon, had
restored Aeson to youth by cutting
him up and bolling him in a caul-
dron. Pelias was induccd to urge
hia daughter to attempt to restore
gir?- todyogth by 1118 5111118 111811115.

8 ias ie .

Persae, Erum, 111. plur. Τὴι Per-
nam.

Pers10us. a, mn, adj. Os or be-

lonqiuq to the Persium.

Philippus-'1³12i'm'Qumme‘m
tt

us· consul 169 B. C.
Picens, tia. adj.

Italy.

Os or belonyiny
to Pice’num a district ot ancient

 

Pisistrfitus, i, 111.

123

Pelusii-neus:
burn 612 B.C. He. was on his
mother's side usian-11 lo Solon.
,mer ihc death os Solon, the old
parties arnan. On(- ol· these was
hended by Pisistratus, ancl hc be-
came eventnany tymni os Athens
111 5150 B.C. His power-sul intell-:ct
anri untiring enni-gy soon ‹lisplayed
it-xels in many ways. He was the
111-51 who is sui=l to have cansed
lhe 11081115 os Homer to hc nr-
rungcd. To him Athens owed
many of her linest buildings,
'ri-agedy was introduced in his
reign by Thespis (535 B.C.) He
«lieu 111 52? B.C.

Plato, onis, m. Plato: called the

dens philosophorum by Cissem, was
born at Athens ⁴28 B.C. He was
1118111051 celebrated of the many
celebrated disciples of Soc-rates.
After the death os his mastor
(399 B.C.) 118 withdrew to Megara,
and subsequently visited Cyrene,
Egypt, Sicily ancl Lower Italy. On
his return in 389 B.C. 118 taught
in the gymnasium of 1118 Academy.
Hem-e his sollowers were called
Academics. He numbered among
his pupils Aristotle. Lycurgus,
Isocrates, and many others whose
influence was felt in subsequent
Greek history. He died 34? Β C.

Poeni, orum, 111. plur. le Poeni

or Carthayinians.

Pfinicus‚ a, um. adj. Os or bolono-

inq ιο, Hie Poeni or Carthczyiuiuns.
For Punicum bellum, sec Karehayo.

Pontius, i, m. 1.. Herennius Pon-

tius, father of Caius Pontius, by
whom the Roman 111-1111· was 811-

ticed into the dvfilc at' Caudium ·

and reduced 10 snrrender in 321
B.C. Herennius aux-ised his son
vo dismiss the whole army without
a ransom in order to bind the
Romans by the stiongest 'ies of
gratitude. When this adxic e was
not taken, hc adxised them to kill
every man that the power of Rome
would be weakened.'1'his advice
was also rejected. C Pontius then
followed his 01111 course and sent
the Romans under the yoke. In
the following year the Samnites
were sent under the yoke (ἓ 41).

2. Δ. centurion, mentioned ξ 33.

